License
=======

Any executable file and associated documentation (code) in this
repository is licensed under the MIT License (MIT).  Any other written
content and data (data) in this repository is licensed under a Creative
Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC-BY).  Each file
identifies its license and refers to this document.


MIT License
-----------

Copyright (c) 2016 Aubrey Barnard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
------------------------------------------------------

A human-readable summary of the license is below and at
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.

The full legal license is at
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.

### You are free to: ###

**Share**: copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

**Adapt**: remix, transform, and build upon the material

for any purpose, even commerically.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the
license terms.

### Under the following terms: ###

**Attribution**: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the
license, and indicate if changes were made.  You may do so in any
reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor
endorses you or your use.

**No additional restrictions**: You may not apply legal terms or
technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything
the license permits.

### Notices: ###

You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material
in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable
exception or limitation.

No warranties are given.  The license may not give you all of the
permissions necessary for your intended use.  For example, other rights
such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the
material.
